feat: Disable relay by default in devservices (#520)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/environment/index.mdx

  displayed correctly.
</Alert>

> ### A Note on Relay
> 
> Some services are not run in all situations, and one of those is <Link to="/services/relay/">Relay</Link>. If you need a more production-like environment
> in development, you can set `SENTRY_USE_RELAY=True` in `~/.sentry/sentry.conf.py`. This will launch relay as part of the
> `devserver` workflow.

Reviewer: Suggestion as per https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/pull/32497#issuecomment-1064419810:

```suggestion
### Ingestion Pipeline (Relay)

Some services are not run in all situations, among those are <Link to="/services/relay/">Relay</Link> and the ingest workers. If you need a more production-like environment
in development, you can set `SENTRY_USE_RELAY=True` in `~/.sentry/sentry.conf.py`. This will launch Relay as part of the
`devserver` workflow.
```
